{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red164\green8\blue0;\red160\green114\blue253;\red155\green44\blue1;
\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red218\green119\blue254;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww24180\viewh21720\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 Choose your own adventure\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Finished\cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf3 Wish List\cf0 \
\
\cf4 1	Home:\
	STORY\
	Good morning, sunshine! Sleep and breakfast are very important parts of the day. Choose how you will spend your night and morning wisely!\
\
	QUIZ\
	FOCUS - Last night\
		1 You look ahead at the next day\'92s lesson and start doing some work, and go to bed at 11 pm ( You wake up focused and ready to learn +=10)\
		2 You shower and pack your lunch, but you don\'92t make it to bed until midnight (You\'92re a little sleepy, but you\'92re happy you have your lunch ready to go +=6)\
		3 You go out drinking with your new JS class buddies, and get home super late (You wake up slightly hungover, but points for networking! +=3)\
\
	TIME - Wake Up\
		1.You jump straight out of bed in the morning, wide awake (+=10)\
		2. You hit the snooze for 5 minutes, but then you jump out of bed (+=6)\
		3 You really want to sleep in, so you hit the snooze 3 times (+=3)\
\
	MONEY - Breakfast\
		1 You pack a breakfast that you\'92ll eat at Epicodus (+=10)\
		2 You cook up and eat a full breakfast at home (+=6)\
		3 You grab breakfast on the run (+= 3)\
\
		STORY - Time to leave the house! \cf0 \
\
2 	Transportation \
		STORY\
		You\'92re out of the house and now you have to decide how to get downtown. What will you do?\
\
		BRANCH\
		1 Bus		3a\
		2 Bike	3b\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 		\cf3 \cb5 3 Walk	3c\
		4 Drive	3d\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb1 		\
\cf6 3. Transportation Quiz\
		STORY 3A\
		Congratulations, you took the bus! You can study while you ride, but you\'92ll have to spend some money. \
		\
	FOCUS - The bus is super crowded, what should you do?\
		1 You take the only seat available, before an elderly woman gets to it.( You\'92re a rude individual, but you get focus points for more study time on the bus! +=10)\
		2 You try studying the Epicodus curriculum while you stand. (It\'92s a little tough to study while standing, but you\'92re very dedicated! +=6)\
		3 You end up standing between two friends who are animatedly talking about the basketball game last night. (You don\'92t get any work done, but you can talk about the game with a potential partner now. +=3)\
	\
	TIME - It\'92s fleet week, and the bridge is up!\
		1. Fleet week? No problem, you planned ahead and got an early bus. ( Great job, you\'92re an excellent planner! +=10)\
		2. You spend your extra time networking with a Nike employee, and get their business card. (Good job, you might just get a job when you finish Epicodus. +=6)\
		3  You take the opportunity to get in a quick cat nap.  ( At least you\'92ll feel more focused in class but you have lost time, <name>! +=3)\
\
	MONEY - You can\'92t find your monthly bus pass, what do you do?\
		1 You beg the bus driver to let you on. (+=10)\
		2 You have no money, so you have to get out and walk. (+=6)\
		3 You don\'92t have exact change, so you have to buy a day pass with a ten dollar bill (+= 3)\
	\
		STORY - You\'92re downtown! Let\'92s get to Epicodus!\
		\
STORY 3B	\
		You are such a rockstar! You\'92re riding your bike to Epicodus. Points for fitness, but you might be a little sweaty when you arrive\'85 (f-=5, t-=5)\cf0 	\
	QUIZ - 3B - Bike\
	FOCUS - What do you do while you ride your bike?\
		1 You focus on getting your morning workout in while you clear your head before class. +=10)\
		2 You listen to treehouse on your smart phone. +=6)\
		3 You yell at passing cars and pedestrians as you fly by them. +=3)\
\cf7 	\cf0 \
	TIME - You arrive to Epicodus, and you need to park your bike. What do you do?\
		1. You calmly walk your bike to the vault and lock it. ( +=10)\
		2. You take your bike down the regular elevator, jeopardizing Epicoudus\'92 lease (+=6)\
		3  You ride your bike down the hall, and the security guard stops and scolds you.  ( +=3)\
\
	MONEY - You get a flat tire! What do you do?\
		1 You have a tire kit in your bag, so you fix the flat and go on your way. (+=10)\
		2 You\'92re unprepared, so you have to throw your bike on the nearest bus. (+=6)\
		3 You push your bike the whole way to Epicodus. (+= 3)\
			\
	STORY - Let\'92s get up to the 8th floor!\
\
\cf6 Arrive - 4\
		STORY 4 - You\'92ve made it to the lobby, but you\'92ve still got some important choices to make. Choose wisely!\
		QUIZ - 4\
		\
Focus - 	\
\
		1\
		2 \
		3\
Time\
		1\
		2\
		3\
Money	You suddenly realize you\'92re craving coffee. What do you do?\
		1 You are super prepared and you already brought some. (10)\
		2 You decide you\'92ll make some Folgers in the Epicodus kitchen. (6)\
		3 You run to Starbucks and order a non-fat frappuccino with extra whipped cream and chocolate sauce. (3)\
\
\cf0 \
		BRANCH\
		1 Elevator	5a\
		2 Stairs	5b\
\
Elevator \
	QUIZ - 5a\
STORY - \
	FOCUS - The elevator gets stuck. Help! \
		1 You whip out your javascript book that you got from the library and start studying like a mad coding machine while you wait for the fire fighters to arrive.+=10)\
		2  You bond with your fellow epicodus students during this terrifying experience. +=6)\
		3 Panic sets in. You wonder if you\'92ll ever get out and log in on time. You cry softly in the corner. +=3)\
\cf7 	\cf0 \
	TIME - You get off on the UTI floor. Whoops!\
		1. You wait for the next elevator and continue on your journey. ( +=10)\
		2. You grow impatient and run up the last two flights to the 8th floor. (+=6)\
		3  You start up a conversation with a UTI employee and learn that UTI is not a medical issue, but actually is a transportation company that wants to hire you when you graduate.  ( +=3)\
\
	MONEY - \cf8 You suddenly realize you\'92re craving coffee. What do you do?\
		1 You are super prepared and you already brought some. (10)\
		2 You decide to go for the best part of waking up, Folgers, in the Epicodus kitchen. (6)\
		3 You run to Starbucks and order a non-fat frappuccino with extra whipped cream and chocolate sauce. (3)\cf0 			\
	STORY - After that ordeal, are you ready to find your partner?\
\
Stairs	\
	Story You're such a badass, <span class="user-name"></span>! Not only do you know where the stairs are, you're also fit as a fiddle! Let's go!	\
	QUIZ - 5b -\
	FOCUS - How do you best use your time while in the stairwell?\
		1 You review git commands in your head as you boldly bound up the stairs. +=10)\
		2  By floor 5, you\'92re breathing pretty heavily, so you sit down and eat a snack before continuing on. +=6)\
		3  By floor 6, you\'92re exhausted, so you say forget it and hop on the elevator. +=3)\
\cf7 	\cf0 \
	TIME - Uh oh! The entire staff of the 9th floor is doing a fire drill and streaming down the stairs. What to do?\
		1. Using some evasive maneuvering, you escape from the crowd and hop on the 3rd floor elevator. ( +=10)\
		2. You wait for the 9th floor staff to pass and take a breather, then continue up the stairs. (+=6)\
		3  You channel your inner UFC fighter, try to force your way up the stairs, and get arrested.  ( +=3)\
\
	MONEY - You suddenly realize you\'92re craving coffee. What do you do?\
		1 You are super prepared and you already brought some. (10)\
		2 You decide to go for the best part of waking up, Folgers, in the Epicodus kitchen. (6)\
		3 You run to Starbucks and order a non-fat frappuccino with extra whipped cream and chocolate sauce. (3)\
			\
		\
		STORY 5b After that ordeal, are you ready to find your partner?\
\
Partner - 6 - BOSS\
	QUIZ - 6\
		1 \
		2 \
		3\
		4\
\
		1\
		2\
		3\
		4\
		\
		1\
		2\
		3\
		4\
		\
		STORY 6\
\
Login 7\
	QUIZ - 7\
		1 \
		2 \
		3\
		4\
\
		1\
		2\
		3\
		4\
		\
		1\
		2\
		3\
		4\
		\
		STORY 7\
\
FINISH \
	0-100 	Not so good\
	100-199	Ok\
	200-300 Awesome! \
	300 plus - you rock\
\
if any thing reaches 0 in the game go to loser page\
\
}